hcp-packer-image: add support for channel (#11865)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/partials/datasource/hcp-packer-image/Config-required.mdx

- `bucket_name` (string) - The name of the bucket your image is in.

> - `channel` (string) - The name of the channel to use when retrieving your image.
>   Either this or `iteration_id` MUST be set.
>   Mutually exclusive with `iteration_id`.
>   If using several images from a single iteration, you may prefer
>   sourcing an iteration first, and referencing it for subsequent uses,
>   as getting the iteration induces a potentially billable request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel` (string) - The name of the channel to use when retrieving your image.
  Either this or `iteration_id` MUST be set.
  Mutually exclusive with `iteration_id`.
  If using several images from a single iteration, you may prefer
  sourcing an iteration first with a `hcp_packer_iteration` datasource, 
  and referencing it for subsequent uses, as every `hcp_packer_image` 
  with the channel set will generate a billable HCP Packer request, but if 
  several `hcp_packer_image`s use a shared `hcp_packer_iteration` 
  that will only generate one billable request
```

> - `channel` (string) - The name of the channel to use when retrieving your image.
>   Either this or `iteration_id` MUST be set.
>   Mutually exclusive with `iteration_id`.
>   If using several images from a single iteration, you may prefer
>   sourcing an iteration first, and referencing it for subsequent uses,
>   as getting the iteration induces a potentially billable request.
> 
> - `iteration_id` (string) - The ID of the iteration to use when retrieving your image
>   Either this or `channel` MUST be set.
>   Mutually exclusive with `channel`

Reviewer: kind of a nit but just to make this a bit clearer i think we could say something like this ```suggestion
- `channel` (string) - The name of the channel to use when retrieving your image.
  Either this or `iteration_id` MUST be set.
  Mutually exclusive with `iteration_id`.
  If using several images from a single iteration, you may prefer
  using an `hcp_packer_iteration` datasource first to source that iteration, and referencing it for subsequent uses,
  as each `hcp_packer_image` with the channel name set will generate a billable HCP Packer provision request

- `iteration_id` (string) - The ID of the iteration to use when retrieving your image
  Either this or `channel` MUST be set.
  Mutually exclusive with `channel`
```

Reviewer: okay this one is borked trying again >_<
